Feature/pm 539 ems projects tutorial (#154)
project-march/tutorials: doc/useful_tools/gazebo.rst

Gazebo can integrate with ros using the packages in `gazebo_ros_pkgs <https://wiki.ros.org/gazebo_ros_pkgs>`_.

The simulation packages and plugins for the |march| are contained in the :simulation:`project-march/simulation <>`

> repository. See the :ref:`march-data-collector-label` for more info.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
repository. See the :ref:`march-simulation-label` for more info.
```
???
